[EI-92] Cache overview documentation (#7186)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/edge-integrations/02-configuration-overview.md

Your CMS processes the original content, makes a determination, and displays a first-time rendering of the content. Once the content is rendered for the first time, it’s being saved in the CDN cache layer alongside the conditional header; your CMS isn’t involved until the cache expires, content is updated, or the conditional variant doesn’t exist in the cache layer.

## Cache Overview

> A `Vary` response header tells caches that a particular header (or headers) from the request should be used to construct a secondary cache key that must match in order to use the cached response to answer subsequent requests.

Reviewer: This is a specific behavior of our (Fastly) cache, not necessarily applicable to _all_ caching. I think this should be more specific to indicate that this is a feature of AGCDN, specifically.

```suggestion
A `Vary` response header tells Pantheon's AGCDN cache that a particular header (or headers) from the request should be used to construct a secondary cache key that must match in order to use the cached response to answer subsequent requests.
```

Author: Addressed in [8b7ae81](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/documentation/pull/7186/commits/8b7ae81a4e4d560c9af7cf5e14e072036385d502).

> For example, when the Vary header is set for Interest, the a server produces versions of the same webpage with different Interests and serves them to visitor's browsers based on their locally defined interests.

Reviewer: Hyphenate "locally-defined" to show possession.

```suggestion
For example, when the Vary header is set for Interest, the a server produces versions of the same webpage with different Interests and serves them to visitor's browsers based on their locally-defined interests.
```

Author: Addressed in [8b7ae81](https://github.com/pantheon-systems/documentation/pull/7186/commits/8b7ae81a4e4d560c9af7cf5e14e072036385d502).
